♪ I swam all
around the world ♪
♪ I've seen this ocean
on my own ♪
♪ And then I found
my way to Reeftown ♪
♪ And I knew that
I'd found my home ♪
♪ I met my friend
Bubbles here ♪
♪ Our friendship
is the best ♪
[all]
♪ Oh, dive in ♪
- ♪ Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
[all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us
and see it all ♪
♪ With pals
like Dunk and Ripple ♪
♪ We'll explore
this world together ♪
[both] ♪ When you share
adventures with your friends ♪
♪ It makes them
so much better ♪
[all] ♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ In this world
beyond belief ♪
[all] ♪ Come see
the greatest reef ♪
♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ Start making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us,
dive right in ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪
Oh, boy!
I can't wait to get
to those coral slides.
Me either!
It's gonna be great.
Yeah, is it just me
or is it taking
longer than usual
to get there?
Yeah, the current does seem
stronger than usual today.
- [thunder rumbles]
- [all] Whoa!
You know, Dunk,
you may be right.
- [thunder rumbles]
- [all] Whoa!
What was that?!
- [thunder rumbles]
- [all] Whoa!
Who's making that noise?
Hey, I think we need
to get back to Reeftown.
[Dunk] That's fine with me.
Someone keeps making a noise
and then swimming away.
It's not someone, Dunk--
between the thunder
and the currents
getting stronger,
that can only mean one thing.
- Dinnertime!
- A storm is coming.
- Huh?
- Uh, what he said.
You know, about the storm
coming to Reeftown,
but also-- also dinnertime!
Ugh.
Come on, guys.
We have to go
warn Mayor Sting.
- Oh, yeah.
- Come on!
- Bubbles, can you just--
- Don't worry, I got you.
Citizens of Reeftown,
I have an announcement to make.
- A big announcement.
- Oh, it's about the storm.
A storm will be hitting
Reeftown later today,
but I'm here to remind you
not to worry.
Reeftown is ready for this.
We've been through bad weather
and storms before.
As you know, it's always
a good idea to be Reef Ready.
Always remember to be aware
and be prepared.
Well, I'm off to inform the rest
of Reeftown to be aware
and-- what's that again?
[all] Be prepared!
You got it!
Fin-tastic.
- Ah, thanks, Mayor Sting.
- Good-bye, Mayor Sting.
- Bye!
- Thank you!
How bad could this storm
really be?
We'll be okay,
since there are lots of places
to take shelter in Reeftown.
Maybe we should
double-check our homes.
Are you ready to get Reef Ready?
- Yeah!
- Ready!
- All right, let's do it.
- Be aware and be prepared!
All right, well,
looking Reef Ready to me.
Check.
Mine too.
I'm glad you
checked your homes
because storms
are no laughing matter.
You need to have
a good, strong shelter,
and you also need to have
something to hold on to
to anchor yourself for when
the current gets stronger.
- Like this?
- Ta-da!
Oh, no, that's good, strong
holding on there, Ripple.
You need that
because you never know
when you might get hit
by a rock or a shell
that's been picked up
during the storm.
I'm sure everything
will be fine.
It's just, you know,
be aware and prepared and--
something, uh...
Well, you know the rest.
- You okay, Gush?
- What, me? Oh, yeah.
Don't worry about
old Gush here.
I've been in a bunch of storms
and, uh,
I still don't like 'em.
- [thunder rumbles]
- Yeesh.
Well, I think our homes
are gonna work great
- as shelters during the storm.
- They sure will.
Uh, they will, won't they?
Oh, I'm sure we're fine.
Hey, Gush, what do you
think about, uh...
Whoa, maybe he headed back
home to Coral Cove.
- Let's go see, come on.
- Yeah, okay.
- Gush! Gush!
- Where are you?
Ooh, Gush, have you heard?
There's a storm coming
to Reeftown.
Ha, everyone's getting
Reef Ready,
but, ha,
a storm's no big deal
for a couple of old
Reeftowners like us, huh?
- Ugh, can you keep a secret?
- Not at all.
I might have guessed that.
Ugh, but still,
I just have to tell someone.
Maury, I've very afraid
of storms.
What? You?
Come on!
Seriously?
Yes, but please,
don't tell anyone.
Okay, uh, even though
I really want to tell everyone.
For you, I promise.
Oh, hey, Maury.
Oh, hi, I have nothing
to tell you.
So, uh, bye!
- Uh, sheesh.
- [Splash] Bye, Maury!
This storm sure is making
everyone act funny.
Speaking of the storm, Gush,
can we ask you
some more questions?
You know,
because you're so smart,
and you've experienced
so many storms.
Yeah, well, I certainly have
endured a lot of storms.
That's true.
So how do you get through
a storm so bravely?
What's your secret?
Secret?
I don't have a secret.
You mean a secret,
like I'm afraid of storms?
[laughs]
Me afraid of storms?
[laughter, thunder rumbles]
Oh, good one!
Yeah, but we just need to be
Reef Ready, right, everyone?
Yeah, 'cause what if
a storm comes
and somebody's not
Reef Ready?
What if, uh, a storm comes
and someone needs
to be rescued?
[gasps] What?
Gush, could that happen?
Have you ever been involved
in a rescue?
Well, I may have been
involved in one or two rescues.
Well, don't worry, Gush.
If you need help rescuing
someone in this storm,
the Reeftown Rangers
will be there for you.
- [laughs] Come on, guys!
- Yeah!
[all] ♪ From the coves
to the caves ♪
♪ To the forests of kelp ♪
♪ We're on the case,
we need everyone's help ♪
♪ To keep our great ocean
so clean and so blue ♪
♪ Dive in, lend a fin,
there's so much to do ♪
[upbeat vocal music]
♪ No reef is too big,
no job is too small ♪
♪ We're protecting the ocean
for one and for all ♪
[all] ♪ We are
the Reeftown Rangers ♪
♪ Makin' a difference,
working together ♪
♪ Let's go!
We are the Reeftown Rangers ♪
♪ Ocean friends forever ♪
♪ Wherever we're needed,
we'll be there, you know ♪
♪ It's time
to get right to it ♪
♪ We're up for adventure,
and we're ready to go ♪
♪ We love to help,
and we can't wait to do it ♪
Come on!
♪ We're leading the way
to excitement and fun ♪
♪ We're protecting the ocean,
there's much to be done ♪
[all]
♪ From the coves to the caves ♪
♪ To the forests of kelp ♪
♪ We're on the case ♪
♪ We need everyone's help ♪
♪ To keep our great ocean
so clean and so blue ♪
♪ Dive in, lend a fin,
there's so much to do ♪
♪ We are the Reeftown Rangers ♪
♪ Makin' a difference,
working together ♪
Let's go!
♪ We are the Reeftown Rangers ♪
♪ Ocean friends forever ♪
♪ Ocean friends forever-r-r ♪
Now I feel so much better
about facing this storm
with my fellow Reeftown Rangers.
[all] Whoa!
Uh-oh, I think the storm
is coming soon.
Let's do a quick patrol
to make sure
all Reeftown citizens
are Reef Ready.
Yeah, great idea, Splash.
Come on, let's go,
Reeftown Rangers.
- Let's go!
- Let's do it!
Okay, you guys,
one more big push,
and we'll get
this shell in place.
Here we go, one, two, three!
- [all grunt]
- Here we go.
- You good, Maury?
- Uh-huh.
[chuckles] All right,
Reeftown Rangers!
- Whoo-hoo! Yeah!
- Yeah!
Yes, that's right.
You just wrap around tight
and hold on.
- [chuckles]
- Nice job, everyone.
We helped everyone in Reeftown
get ready for the storm.
- Yeah.
- [all] Whoa!
Whoa, I think the storm
is here.
Oh, boy, here we go.
- Oh, are you okay, Gush?
- Why wouldn't Gush be okay?
He's been through
lots of storms before.
Right, Gush?
By the way, where is Gush?
- In here.
- What?
What are you doing in there?
How are you going to perform
one of your daring rescues
if you're in a cave?
Ugh, actually,
all I said was
I've been involved
in rescues.
I never said I was the one
doing the rescuing.
What?
Wait, but I thought
that you knew everything--
All right, listen,
it may be a little late
to tell you all this,
but, uh,
I've always been nervous
in storms.
Scared, actually.
Gush, it's okay
to be nervous during storms.
And besides,
friends help each other out
through tough times, right?
Yeah, ocean friends forever!
We'll help each other.
- Whoa!
[sighs] Ah, we already have.
You're right, that could've
hit me right in the gills.
Guys, we'd better head back
to our shelters
before this storm
gets too bad.
[all] Whoa!
I think it might be too late
to head back to the shelters.
What are we gonna do?
Come wait out the storm
in here with me.
There's plenty of room.
Just hurry.
- Okay, thanks, Gush.
- All right.
In you go. That's right.
- Come on, Ripple.
- What?
I'm okay.
I have a really good grip.
Seahorses grip on
just like this.
Uh, maybe not as good
a grip as I thought.
- Oh! Oh, no!
- Hold on, Ripple!
- I'm coming for you!
- Bubbles, no!
You won't be able to swim
in these strong currents,
but I can, using my special
frogfish jet gills.
Oh, but, Gush,
are you okay to go out there?
- Are you sure?
- Not really,
but Ripple is my friend,
and she needs help.
So if you'll excuse me,
I have a friend to rescue.
Uh-oh, ooh-ooh.
Whoopsie.
Oh, no.
Ah!
Thank you, Gush!
[laughs] Whoa!
- [all cheer]
- I'm glad you're okay, Ripple.
[all panting]
Thank you so much, Gush.
Oh, you're welcome.
Now let's never
do that again.
Yeah, good idea.
It's beautiful, huh?
I'm glad we're safe in here.
Ah! All clear! [chuckles]
- Whoa!
- There you go.
- The storm's passed.
- Great!
- We did it!
- Yeah.
We really did,
all together.
Yeah, hey, Gush?
I'm so proud of you for facing
your fears during the storm.
Yeah, you were so brave.
Oh, thanks, kids.
You know, you may
have come to me for help,
but it turned out
to go the other way.
What do you mean?
I learned how to be brave
during a storm
by watching all of you.
Yeah, I may have been through
a lot of storms in my day,
but I've never seen anyone
as aware, prepared,
Reef Ready,
and brave as you kids.
Are you kidding?
We're always aware,
prepared, and ready.
For a group hug!
[all chattering happily]
Hmm, over here, is it--
no, not over there.
Maybe there's one there.
Oh, boy, shell searching
is hard today.
I haven't found
anything all day.
- Oh, I found a red shell!
- And I got a purple one.
And... I got a rock.
Which I love, so yay! Ha!
Oh, yeah?
Well, I found a really
big shell right above us.
What?
Above us?
But, Bubbles,
shells are on the ocean floor.
Not when it's a turtle shell!
Oh! It must be Flo.
- Hi, Flo!
I don't know, I think that
turtle's too small to be Flo.
- Huh?
- No.
I think it just seems small
because it's so far away.
Flo's not getting any bigger.
And now she's starting
to look like Scoot.
Hey, Dunk.
You remembered my name!
- Hi, Scoot!
- Scoot!
Of course we remember
your name, Scoot.
It's not every day
we travel around the world.
For me, it is sort of every day,
I guess not for most creatures.
I can't believe you finally
made your way back to Reeftown.
What brings you here?
Oh, the current
brought me here.
I'm still in the first phase
of my life
where I just drift
for years at a time.
But, you know, it's a phase.
It'll pass.
What I meant was what made you
want to stop at Reeftown?
Oh, well, I came here
'cause I was starting to get
a little lonely traveling the
currents all by myself, and--
So why don't you come
hang out with us?
Oh, wow!
That would be really-- breath!
- Uh?
- [laughs]
Oh, right.
He has to breathe
above the surface.
- I forgot about that.
- Whoa!
That sounds really great.
but...
but I was thinking
maybe we could play
- outside of Reeftown.
- Whoa!
Okay, so where do you
want to go?
- Well, like I said,
I was getting kind of lonely
traveling by myself,
so I thought
maybe you guys would want
to go on an adventure with me.
- [all] Yeah!
- Good!
We can travel
around the ocean!
- [all] Yeah!
- Together!
- Forever!
[all groan]
Forever?
My papa doesn't
even let me stay out
past dinnertime
without permission.
Yeah, Scoot,
Reeftown is our home.
We can't
just leave it forever.
Yeah, I understand.
I just wanted to go
on an adventure.
But maybe we could go
on an adventure right here.
And then after
we're done playing,
maybe you can stay in Reeftown
with us for a while.
Oh, thanks, but having
a place to call home
has never been my thing.
I just wanted to take a break
from drifting on the currents
and see my friends for a bit.
Well, there are lots
of new friends here in Reeftown
you can meet today
if you want to.
Really?
Like who?
Like me, for one!
It's okay,
it's just our friend, Maury.
Hey, there,
my little sea turtle friend.
Hi, Maury.
Pleasure to meet you.
My name is-- breath!
Oh, well, uh,
nice to meet you, Breath.
Uh, ha, wh--
where'd he go?
Uh, actually,
his name is Scoot,
and, yeah, he does that
from time to time.
He has to breathe air.
Oh, what a hassle
breathing air must be.
Ha, gotta love those gills,
am I right?
[gasps] My name is Scoot.
Say, are you an eel?
- I've never met an eel before.
- I sure am.
I'm a snowflake moray eel,
to be exact.
Wow.
And you live in caves, right?
Yeah, you sure know
your eels, buddy.
Well, of course I do.
Eels are eel-mazing!
Well, if you
think I'm something,
ha,
you ain't seen nothing yet.
In Reeftown,
we have octopuses and crabs
and shrimp and frogfish
and sting rays
and angelfish and damselfish
and puff--
I think what Maury's
trying to say
is we have a lot of creatures.
Oh, I'd love to meet
them all while I'm here.
Oh, but that would take forever
to find all those fish.
Oh, worry not,
my little shell-tastic friend.
Let Maury show you
how it's done, ha!
You don't have to go to them.
They'll come to you.
All I have to do
is spread the word!
[chorus] ♪ Shoop, sha-doop,
sha-dooby dooby doop ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
♪ You know I got the scoop,
have you heard? ♪
♪ Have you heard? ♪
♪ I'm in the middle
of the loop ♪
♪ My name is Maury,
I'm off to find the story ♪
♪ I'm givin' you
the latest word ♪
♪ What's the word? ♪
♪ I got all the Reeftown
information ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
♪ I'm on my way
to hear what I can hear ♪
♪ No matter where it is,
I'll travel far or near ♪
♪ Oh, I'm so excited,
yes, I'm ready to race ♪
♪ I might turn up
at Take-Off Point ♪
♪ Or at Pebble Place,
have you heard? ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
- ♪ You know I got the scoop ♪
♪ I'm in the middle
of the loop ♪
♪ Hi, my name is Maury,
I'm off to find the story ♪
♪ I'm givin' you
the latest word ♪
♪ What's the word? ♪
♪ If somethin's cookin'
at Coral Cove ♪
♪ That's where I'll be,
or I'll head to Dorsal Park ♪
- ♪ To see what I can see ♪
- Oh!
♪ I'm lookin' for the news ♪
♪ In this part of the ocean ♪
♪ I'm trying to find out
what's all the commotion ♪
♪ I pick up information
as I slither along ♪
♪ Of course I may get
everything wrong ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
♪ Oh, you know
I got the scoop ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
♪ I'm in the middle
of the loop ♪
♪ My name is Maury ♪
♪ I'm off to find the story ♪
♪ I'm givin' you the latest
word ♪
♪ What's the word? ♪
♪ I got all the Reeftown
information ♪
- ♪ Information ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
- ♪ Uh-huh ♪
Have you heard?
There's a new friend
in Reeftown.
Hey, Scoot,
nice to meet you.
You too, Denny.
Now if you'll excuse me,
Scoot,
I have my morning
teeth-cleaning here with Denny.
Now, Denny, I've got
a live one in there,
uh, literally.
That's what I'm here for.
Bye, Scoot.
- Bye, Denny.
- Bye, Maury!
[mumbles]
I can't believe how nice
everyone is here.
Well, of course they are.
They're our friends
and neighbors,
and we all live
right here on the reef.
- [Flo] Well, not all of us.
- Huh?
Flo!
You may not live
right here on the reef,
but you're as much a part
of Reeftown as anyone, Flo.
Flo, Flo, have you seen
all the different creatures
- that live here?
- I sure have.
This is a pretty special
place now, isn't it?
I'll say.
I've always enjoyed
riding the currents,
but now I can understand
why you guys
wouldn't want to leave
this place.
It's so... so...
- Homey?
- Yeah.
I told you,
Reeftown is the best!
Hey, Scoot,
are you by any chance
starting to get a little lonely
out there on the currents?
How'd you know?
Well, because
I went through the same thing
when I was your age.
Oh, well,
why is that, Flo?
Well, the first phase
of a young sea turtle's life
is called the pelagic phase,
when you travel around
the current.
Just like Scoot!
Yes, but as you get older,
Scoot,
the pelagic phase passes,
and a new one,
the benthic phase, begins.
What happens in that phase?
Please be playing.
Well, the benthic phase
is when you stop drifting
the currents every day,
and you start looking
for a place to call home.
Oh.
Well, you see, Scoot?
Ha, you did come here
for a reason.
Your instincts were
bringing you to Reeftown
because it would make
a great home for you.
- You think?
- Oh, sure.
He's got a point there, Scoot.
Reeftown has everything
a sea turtle is looking for
in a home.
It's safe, it's secure,
and, ha,
it's got plenty of food.
Well, those are all
great things.
But what about
the most important thing?
- Fun!
- [laughter]
There's plenty of fun
to be had in Reeftown.
Let the Reeftown
fun tour begin!
- [laughter]
- Oh, oh, easy there!
- Whoo!
- I'm gonna catch you, Dunk!
- Here I come!
- Oh, yeah?
I learned this one
on the currents.
- What? Oh, whoa!
- Catch me!
You know, for a turtle,
he's surprisingly fast.
Yeah, but you know what,
I think Scoot's having
a really good time.
Hey, you know,
maybe if we're lucky,
he'll want
to stay in Reeftown.
Oh, that would be
so much fun!
- Oh, nice, Ripple.
- I'm open!
- That's right.
- Good job.
- Wa-hoo!
- Look at this!
- Ooh, got it!
- Oh!
[laughs]
All right, Scoot!
You're a natural!
Look out below!
Whoa! Look--
I'm doing-- I'm doing it!
- Ahhh!
- Whoo-haa!
[laughs]
Ohh, ahhh! Whoa!
Whoa, yeah!
[laughs] Whoa!
[laughing and shouting]
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
Ha ha! Whoo-hoo!
This is so much fun!
Yeah, whoo-hoo!
Look out!
[laughter]
Nice job, Scoot.
So what do you think
about Reeftown now?
Oh, it's great.
As soon as I'm ready
to settle down,
I'm coming back to Reeftown.
But we thought you were
starting your bento phase.
Oh, uh, benthic.
- Oh, right. Uh, that.
- Yeah.
Well, I am, but still have
a little time left
on my pelagic phase,
so I'm gonna get
all that current riding
out of my system
for, oh,
another year or two.
- [all gasp]
- A year or two?
I know that seems
like a long time, kids,
but us hawksbill sea turtles
can live for more than 50 years.
So a year isn't long
at all for us.
Yeah, I guess so,
but... a year?
Yeah.
I gotta get back to doing
what I do,
drifting on the currents.
But I really want
to thank you for today.
Oh, you're welcome, Scoot,
I hope we helped
with your loneliness
for a little while, at least.
You definitely did,
and when this whole
benthic phase really gets going
and I'm ready to look
for a home,
Reeftown is gonna be
the first place that I look.
Well, we can't wait
till you come back.
Have fun on the currents.
Are you kidding?
I always do!
- Bye!
- Bye, Scoot!
[upbeat music]
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh ooh, ooh ooh ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪